The battle to save the galaxy rages on and a familiar foe returns in the largest downloadable content pack to-date for Mass Effect 3 multiplayer! Mass Effect 3: Retaliation ups the challenge by adding treacherous environmental hazards to existing maps and will introduce the infamous Collectors as a new enemy faction in multiplayer.

Also making its way into the Mass Effect 3: Retaliation pack is a brand-new challenge system that will reward players for their accomplishments in multiplayer
This new feature will give players the ability to track and compare progress across different multiplayer challenges.

The entire pack will include:

New “Hazard” Versions of Existing Maps: Wage war across six maps as a regular rotation of Firebases will be introduced to different hazards and traps
Survive the onslaught of Acid, Lightening, Meltdowns, Sandstorms, Swarms and Whiteouts!

New Deadly Enemy Faction: Prepare to face off against the Collector Praetorian, Scion, Abomination, Trooper, and Captain
Reports have also come in that Cerberus has enlisted the Dragoon to their ranks and the Geth are deploying new Drones to the battlefield.

New Unlockable Weapons: The Collectors have also brought deadly new weapons to the fight: the Collector Assault Rifle, Sub-Machine Gun, and Sniper Rifle
Unlock these weapons and new equipment upgrades to build to your arsenal.

New Class Kits to Unlock: A host of new characters have joined the war to fight this new threat, including the Turian Havoc Soldier and Turian Ghost Infiltrator
Additional class kits will be added as the weeks progress.

New Powerful Upgrades: Outfit your weapons with three new ammo modifications and fortify your gear with five unique upgrades to defeat even the toughest foes.

New Multiplayer Challenge Feature: Think you are the best soldier in the Alliance? Make sure to track your progress in the new “Challenges” database
Complete various multiplayer assignments and feats of strength to unlock titles and banners to display in-game, and then compare your progress against your friends.