Hunt, hide and kill as you take command of U.S
submarines and crews and navigate the treacherous waters of the Pacific during WWII.
Silent Hunter, the industry-leading naval warfare simulation franchise for over a decade, returns to its roots with next-generation graphical realism, immersive gameplay, innovative crew evolution and more action than ever before.
Developed by the same Ubisoft team that delivered Silent Hunter 3, the "king of sub games", to worldwide critical acclaim, the 2007 installment offers the most memorable, accessible and empowering submarine simulation experience ever.
Hollywood Blockbuster experience: Lifelike graphics and spectacular audio/visual effects offer an incredibly immersive gaming experience
Witness the historical accuracy and the amazing attention to detail from the breathtaking Pacific settings to the more than 75 authentic-looking war machines such as the U.S
Gato class submarine, the Japanese battleship Yamato and the H6K flying boat.
Large Scale Naval Engagements: Epic naval engagements can be witnessed by players either firsthand or via radio messages and orders from high command.
Innovative crew evolution: Earn upgrades and experience to guide the evolution path of crewmembers, making your men the most effective naval force in the Pacific theater.
Immersive single player gameplay: Diverse mission objectives and events combined with unique rewards make each campaign a new experience
Commandeer various U.S
submarines and progress your career as a naval officer via improved dynamic campaigns in Career Mode, or dive into 'instant actions' and single patrols for a quick fight.
Addictive Online New Adversarial Mode: Join forces with up to 8 friends via LAN or 4 via internet in either cooperative or adversarial gameplay modes
Scripted and generated mission types allow for epic online battles and unlimited replayability.
Scalable learning experience: Selectable difficulty levels allow players to choose how challenging of a simulation to play.
Easy to control: An upgraded and streamlined interface makes moving around the submarine and controlling it much easier than ever before.
Please note that the online features for this game are no longer supported
The Multiplayer mode / Co-op mode will no longer be accessible.